Add paragraph about Arcana game engine (#621)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/021/index.md

[rg3d_twitter]: https://twitter.com/DmitryNStepanov
[rg3d_wasm_demo]: https://rg3d.rs/assets/webexample/index.html

### [Arcana]

![arcana](tanks.gif)
_A demo Arcana game_

> Arcana is a new game engine built with focus on ease of use
> without compromising on level of control.

Reviewer: Adding an extra link:
```suggestion
[Arcana] is a new game engine built with focus on ease of use
without compromising on level of control.
```

[rg3d_twitter]: https://twitter.com/DmitryNStepanov
[rg3d_wasm_demo]: https://rg3d.rs/assets/webexample/index.html

### [Arcana]

Arcana is new game engine built with focus on ease of use
without compromising on level of control.\

> The engine is aimed to support wide variety of games,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The engine is aimed to support a wide variety of games,
```

from pixel-art to fully ray-traced,
from single-player puzzles to online strategies.

> It is at very early stage, not all necessary subsystems are done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is at a very early stage, not all necessary subsystems are done
```

and code is in flux.

The engine already can be used to build demos like this:

![arcana](tanks.gif)

> This particular demo has been coded in single evening,\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This particular demo has been coded in a single evening,
```

> Arcana is a new game engine built with focus on ease of use
> without compromising on level of control.\
> The engine is aimed to support a wide variety of games,
> from pixel-art to fully ray-traced,
> from single-player puzzles to online strategies.
> 
> It is at a very early stage, not all necessary subsystems are done
> and code is in flux.
> 
> The engine already can be used to build demos like this:
> 
> ![arcana](tanks.gif)
> 
> This particular demo has been coded in a single evening,
> together with sprite sheet loading and sprite animations
> which will be integrated into the engine later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![arcana](tanks.gif)
_A demo Arcana game_

Arcana is a new game engine built with focus on ease of use
without compromising on level of control.
The engine is aimed to support a wide variety of games,
from pixel-art to fully ray-traced,
from single-player puzzles to online strategies.

It is at a very early stage, not all necessary subsystems are done
and code is in flux.

The demo shown above was coded in a single evening,
together with sprite sheet loading and sprite animations
which will be integrated into the engine later.
```

Author: Yeah, seems great!

Default 2D renderer renders sprites with auto-batching,
so all sprites are rendered in single instanced draw call,
allowing rendering millions of sprites in one frame.

Rendering is done with [`sierra`] - Vulkan-like graphics API with
batteries included.

Arcana uses [`hecs`] as ECS and rolls its own simplistic `System` trait
to define and run systems, once per frame or with fixed steps.

> [`rapier`] physics is integrated for 2D case, but system is kept opt-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`rapier`] physics is integrated for 2D cases, but system is kept opt-in.
```
